>>JOHN WARNER: I've
grown up in the middle
of the military-industrial
complex.
I would do my homework
in the Pentagon
when my dad was
Secretary of the Navy.
He was involved in
Operation Deep Freeze, which
is still ongoing in Antarctica.
He looked up at the night
sky and he pointed upwards.
He just said space operations.
The Navy has lists of thousands
of craft, tens of thousands.
Is there a bigger version of
the Flugelrad with the BMW jet
engines?
He was like no
>>REGINA MEREDITH: No.
>>WARNER: No.
Look, this is the one thing
you need to leave alone.
They'll keep doing this new
disclosure, which isn't new
at all.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: But they'll let
out a few things because it's
like a pressure release valve.
Then five years
goes down the line,
I'm sure we have a moon base.
So what?
I hadn't seen Chris
in a long time.
I knew his--
>>REGINA: Chris
Mellon, your cousin.
>>WARNER: And I said even
if 10% of the wild stuff,
as you call it, is true, it's
astounding and horrifying.
And then it was clear
to me that the things
that I'd be exposed to all my
life, all these things, now it
got real.
>>REGINA: As many
of you know, 2021
is the year when our
government was supposed
to have informed us
of their knowledge
and experience of UFOs.
This is taking place 20
years after what I still
consider to be the
real disclosure
event led by Dr. Steven Greer.
Some new faces have
entered the scene
while old agendas continue
to be perpetuated.
We're going to talk
with John Warner, IV
today about his family's
piece of this story.
So good to have you.
You're one of the new
faces from 20 years ago.
>>WARNER: Thanks for having me.
>>REGINA: In fact,
your involvement,
your understanding,
your curiosity of this
has been a lifetime's
worth of curiosity.
And you're uniquely
positioned to have
been exposed to information
the rest of us don't have.
However, his documentary--
Steven's documentary
that came out in response
to the government's release,
the Pentagon's release
of information,
called "The Cosmic
Hoax," is the first time
I've really seen you out there
in a big way in the UFO story.
So-- and there's
a reason for that.
So let's talk about your family
history, your father, Senator
John Warner, who was also
Secretary of the Navy.
And also MJ-12 enters the
story, Elizabeth Taylor, UFOs.
This is a wonderful
story-- soup.
I love it, soup of intrigue.
And also information, I think
is really pertinent today.
So first of all, let's talk
about your family history,
how you touched
with this subject,
and then we're going to talk
a little bit about your dad
and his final wishes for you.
>>WARNER: Sure.
>>REGINA: So first of all,
let's talk about this.
Your families are what some
of the people in conspiracy
communities and others call
the committee of 300 families.
>>WARNER: That is correct.
>>REGINA: Powerful, wealthy
East Coast families.
The Mellons, as in
Carnegie Mellon.
OK.
And the Warners of
Virginia, right?
Those are really--
>>WARNER: Well, the Warners--
you know, my dad's from a
very middle class background.
The Warners are definitely
not committee of 300 family.
My grandfather was a doctor
in World War One, his father.
And my grandmother is a
Stuart clan from Scotland.
>>REGINA: Oh, you
are a Stuart, too.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
They were by no means--
>>REGINA: They were not wealthy.
>>WARNER: I don't know.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Middle class.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
And so I was raised in sort
of with both parents having
both sensibilities
in that world.
But my mother was kind
of a hippie and a mystic
like her mother was in
the late '30s and '40s,
when she and my grandfather
would go to Switzerland
to meet the Eros conferences
with Carl Jung and all
the other philosophers and
theosophists of the day.
And they were both mystics.
Mary Mellon, she left my mother
letters and books and things.
I never thought much
about it until I really
started drilling down on
metaphysics and the occult
20 plus years ago.
And I was like, oh, wow.
This is interesting.
This is what my
grandmother was all about.
But my grandfather, when
the World War II started,
he was at Fort Riley,
Kansas in US Army Cavalry.
And he was--
>>REGINA: Grandfather
on which side?
>>WARNER: Paul Mellon.
>>REGINA: Mellon.
Paul Mellon.
OK.
>>WARNER: He was asked to join--
he had fox hunted with
General Patton and Marshall
and Wild Bill
Donovan in Virginia.
And so they were all
buddies before the war.
It was pretty chummy.
And Wild Bill Donovan
asked him to join the OSS.
They needed polished,
well-traveled, sophisticated
people.
They're going up against
the Abwehr and the Ostfront,
and the cream of the German
crop of intelligence.
And they needed the best minds.
Julia Child, Moe
Berg, the ballplayer,
Allen Dulles was a good
friend of my grandfather's.
And so my mother had that
dichotomy growing up.
A military man and also
a mystic as a mother
just as I had a father who was
a military man and a politician.
So it's a very interesting
thing to grow up in.
There was this two
differing balances
that kind of met in the middle.
But it was
dysfunctional, obviously.
My parents divorced
when I was 10.
But--
>>REGINA: You told me off
camera that they would make
you watch the news every night.
>>WARNER: Every single night.
>>REGINA: Asked you
to watch the news
and then they'd argue about
it during the Vietnam War.
>>WARNER: Oh, yeah.
>>REGINA: Your mother
being the pacifist hippie.
Your father,
pro-American presence.
>>WARNER: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: So it's not
surprising that they divorced
after many years of arguing.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
I mean they became much better
friends after they divorced.
We were like, all right.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: But it was an
education for us kids.
They were careful.
My father really-- we
were rich and spoiled
but he always wanted
us to go to the farm,
and grow up shoveling shit, and
doing all these other things,
and getting dirty like
kids do on a farm,
and understanding nature,
which my mother and him had
in common.
My mother's a nature--
where she lives
here in Colorado.
And so when they divorced,
I would do my homework
in the Pentagon when my dad
was Secretary of the Navy.
And so I really
enjoyed that part
of going with him on trips to
navel bases and over to Europe
starting from age
8, I think, when he
was undersecretary and onwards.
And I was always
carrying his briefcase.
And he wanted that
education, by osmosis,
to just filter in with me.
And he knew I was a curious kid.
>>REGINA: He wanted you
to see how things work?
>>WARNER: He wanted
me to see how
it worked by witnessing it, not
just reading about it or seeing
it on television.
When he was Secretary
of Navy he was
he was involved in
Operation Deep Freeze, which
is still ongoing in Antarctica.
And I would look at the
top-secret briefings
on his desk, things like
that, and call the Pentagon.
I was a kid with my friends.
But one of the things
I asked him about,
I said, what is so
special about Antarctica?
Why are we doing all
this stuff down there?
And he said, well, I can't
really talk to you about it.
But, you know, the Navy
is very interested in it
because the Russians
are over there,
and the Chinese are over
here, and the Norwegians are
over there, and we need to
have a presence down there.
But as time grew on,
while I was 12, 13, 14,
I finally caught him on
one night in Switzerland
and he had a few drinks.
And I said, come on, man.
What's going on
Operation Deep Freeze?
And he said, well, we need it.
We're drilling out bases under
the ice for missile silos
and submarines just
like the Russians.
It's a tit for tat.
Balance of power.
And I said, why Antarctica?
Why not the North Pole
or closer to Alaska?
And he said-- he
looked up the night sky
and he pointed upwards and he
just said, space operations.
And I said, oh, well,
I was almost 14,
and I was like, oh,
that's interesting.
Didn't think anything about it.
And then fast forward into
the late '90s, early 2000s,
I read Nick Cook's
book, he's a friend,
on the zero-point energy, and
the Nazi Bell, Hans Kammler,
and everything.
And I'm like-- and I had
read about the German
because I studied
military history
at University of Virginia.
So I knew the Germans had
this base in Neuschwabenland
and there was different-- oh,
they couldn't have done it
or they could have
done it or they didn't.
But then I was like, well, why
is it so militarized if they
didn't?
If the Germans
started doing that?
Because they had started
going down there in 1915.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: And they
had many expeditions.
And so it made sense.
What is so special down there?
We can talk all day about that.
>>REGINA: Well, why don't
we just talk for one minute
and then we'll go on with
the rest of this story.
What did you ultimately
come to understand?
>>WARNER: China
has five bases now.
We have countless.
And the Russians, I don't know.
I mean there's something mega
special about Antarctica.
And it's not just the
hole in the ozone,
and there's a no-fly
zone for satellites,
and things like that.
They got to be-- they found
something under the ice.
>>REGINA: Alien bases.
Do they believe
there are, I mean
did you come to sense there
might be other types of bases
there?
>>WARNER: Oh, sure.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Alien bases?
>>WARNER: The stories, whether
it's a colony of an Atlantis
or it was a spacecraft,
crash zone--
whatever it was,
it had to be highly
interesting to countries
around the world who
could afford a base.
I think Turkey wants one now.
>>REGINA: Goodness.
OK.
I didn't know that.
All right.
Interesting.
So these are the
kind of things you
were learning just kind of
tripping around with your dad.
And we'll bring
up another couple
that I learned
about when we were
chatting prior to the
interview in a little bit.
So your dad lived a
good life, a long life.
>>WARNER: Oh, yeah.
>>REGINA: He just died very
recently at the age of 94.
>>WARNER: 94.
>>REGINA: And you
said there was--
he had really a message
for you before he
died that affected you.
>>WARNER: Well, he and I--
when I was a racing driver,
I was in California,
and a friend sent me
the Majestic 12 files.
He said print them out
and show them to your dad.
And I had some UFO knowledge
but I'd never heard of them.
This is '93 so I was 31.
And he and I went back and
forth, months over this.
And finally, I sensed I was
as close to him as anyone.
He and I were best friends.
I said, hey, man.
I'm not one of
your constituents.
What's going on?
And he said, and he just
uncharacteristically
for him just said,
look, this is the one
thing you need to leave alone.
The rest of it, your curiosity,
and everything you know,
military history.
That's all fine.
This is something you
don't want to touch.
You need to let that go.
They've got it under control.
It's under the Air Force and
other three-letter agencies.
Don't.
Let it go.
I said, well, you don't
know me very well, huh?
I'm never going to let it go.
This is the truth of our world.
And he said, that's all
I can share with you.
Over the ensuing years
from '93 onwards,
we would have discussions
from time to time
because I was in his
office and admirals
would come in, Bobby Ray Inman.
And I would always ask them
about when's the Navy's
come out with their UFOs?
And they were always very
forthcoming and saying, oh,
we're very hopeful
that by year 2000
we'll have some of that public.
And they would tell me
that because I was his son
and I was a "team player."
>>REGINA: Which is, I
mean, Steven finally
went for it in 2001
but they had hoped
to do it even prior to that.
>>WARNER: Well 9/11 happened.
>>REGINA: Yeah, 9/11 happened.
>>WARNER: That got shelfed.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>WARNER: And that's
when I really--
after 9/11, the debris,
there was not enough debris.
The Pentagon hold was
not representative
of an aircraft pilot.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>WARNER: I mean--
>>REGINA: It raised
a lot of questions.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Let's say building
number 7 right behind it
or in front of it.
Go ahead.
>>WARNER: And when I asked
dad, I said there's not enough.
The debris field is
incoherent and not--
there's not enough
sufficient mass.
And he said, look, I don't
want to talk about it.
And then it was clear to
me that the things that
had to be exposed to all my
life, all these things, now it
got real.
I think it got real for
everyone in the nation.
I mean, as you know, 9/11,
it galvanized this country.
We were one country.
E Pluribus Unum.
One.
Out of many, one.
And I saw that.
I was filming in the
south, my documentaries.
And the pickup trucks
all had We Love New York.
Now for dually pickup
truck in Alabama--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: --to have
stars and bars and rifles
and we love New York.
>>REGINA: Out of character.
Yeah.
>>WARNER: And they meant
it because we were all one.
>>REGINA: Right.
For that moment.
>>WARNER: And so
whatever factions
were fighting with other
factions in the deep state,
it did not have the
desired effect as far
as making this country fearful.
It had the opposite,
like Pearl Harbor.
>>REGINA: Indeed.
Although, it did allow for
certain types of legislation,
certain types of contracts
to be shoved through that
were not in our best
interest and we continue to.
>>WARNER: And my dad signed
off on the Patriot Act.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So did almost everyone.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Right.
It seemed like a
good idea at the time
but what you just
said, the debris
fields around the Pentagon
and these other things,
there was an incoherence.
It was nonsense.
>>WARNER: There was a blockage.
>>REGINA: So what's interesting
is they shoved the Patriot
Act--
we're not even supposed
to be talking about this,
but they shoved it fast
through, so fast one
has to say it was
already written.
>>WARNER: Oh, I'm sure it was.
>>REGINA: And so people
like your father signed off
on it even though
they're scratching
their heads saying something's
wrong with this story.
>>WARNER: Well, I think
he-- by that time,
they didn't call it magic.
He said they call
it different, but he
was a liaison to certain
classified groups
in the Majestic 12 sphere.
And he said, yeah, I'm
in the intel committee.
I'm Chairman of
the Armed Services.
I have to be privy
to some of that.
So I know about some of this.
And he would talk, we
would have conversations,
and he could tell me
what he could tell me
without endangering my life.
And he says, you have to
take this extra seriously.
This is 2002, so it's post-9/11.
And so I said, well, this
is getting-- all this stuff
is getting way out of hand.
And this is 20 years ago.
And he said, I agree with you.
And he wasn't happy
about the Pentagon hit.
I'm sure he knew it was a
cruise missile or something--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: --in
that vein that hit.
And I think we all did.
DC is full of cameras.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: It's like London.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: It's even
worse than that.
>>REGINA: They're down that day?
Huh, give me a break.
>>WARNER: There's no--
>>REGINA: Right.
Give me a break.
>>WARNER: And
everyone-- in my friends
who are either in the ONI,
or CIA, or in military.
This, that, and the other way.
They were all like, it stinks.
>>REGINA: It stinks.
Yeah.
From day one, it stunk.
So, there we are.
Your dad's kind of
caught on this one.
The country galvanizes.
Let's go back for
a moment to MJ-12
and how they interface with the
subject of UFOs and disclosure.
>>WARNER: Well, I'll
go back to my granddad.
>>REGINA: Do.
>>WARNER: After World War II,
we had our conversations when
I was in my 20s, and I was
going to go in the Navy,
I was thinking about a career
in that when I was in college.
But life led me to
the racetrack instead.
I wouldn't have been a
good military officer.
I don't like authority
all that much.
I think, yeah, you think
too much for yourself.
But he and I had that sort
of male to male thing,
which he was kind
of cold and distant
to my mother and sisters, but
he and I had some brief moments.
And he said, I was
with Patton at the end
of the war in Czechoslovakia,
and this is 1985.
And this is way before we knew
about Kammler's operation,
SS E4 or Pilsen.
It was way before that.
And he said, you know--
and I said, well,
what are you doing with Patton?
Because I knew about Patton.
I mean, I studied him at UVA.
And he's bigger than life,
he knew about reincarnation.
Patton and Henry Ford
were vocal about it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WARNER: They weren't hippies.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: With crystals
in their pockets,
these guys were full
on right-wingers.
And he said, oh,
Patton's a good friend.
He gave me a framed
letter from Patton to him,
signed and everything.
And I had it framed on my wall
in the '90s, and it was stolen.
But he said, I was
with Patton in Pilsen,
and we went into warehouse,
and we were looking
at all the wunderwaffe stuff.
And I said, Rocket works
V2, maybe some V3 parts.
The Flugelrad with the jet
engines and other equipment
transistors and all this stuff.
And I was like, oh,
that's fascinating.
And he said, I saw
this big disk aircraft.
And I said, oh, is
that the Flugelrad?
Is there a bigger version of
the Flugelrad with the BMW jet
engines?
He was like, no.
>>REGINA: No.
>>WARNER: No.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: And that was the
end of the conversation
because his wife came
in and it was lunchtime.
And I was just a
college kid, and I
was like, that's
really interesting.
I knew a little bit about
the German high technology
wunderwaffe at that point.
But then when I read Nick
Cook's book, I just--
I nearly fell on the floor.
And that was like 2003, 2004.
>>REGINA: But
people have read it,
give just the
thumbnail sketch of it.
>>WARNER: Well, he and
Igor Witkowski they--
Igor Witkowski queried
people in east Germany
and the Polish archives
and the Russian archives
and found out all about the
trials of German war criminals.
And they had been talking about
the SS Riese Complex, SS E4
and Pilsen, the big
SS secret operation
where all the
money was going to.
I think Gestapo Mueller was in
charge of a three-ring security
system.
And all these things and no
one have heard of Hans Kammler.
Not much.
Always just a contractor.
Well, he built all
the death camps.
And he said, oh, I
have a great idea.
Let's implement a slave labor
pool out of all the prisoners.
He was the architect of that.
And so he was involved
with free energy research,
scale our energy
weapons, sound weapons.
All the wunderwaffe projects,
Walther Gerlach, Kurt Debus,
all the high-voltage
plasma engineers
using nonlinear term
physics in World War II.
>>REGINA: Plasma engineers.
Right.
>>WARNER: You know when I
read that book, I was like,
holy shit, this is what my
grandfather was involved in.
Because other people throughout
the years that know my father,
either retired admirals, people
who respect my dad, they'd say,
I know you're interested
in this subject.
You should know that
the Mellons family
has had 40 people in
military intelligence
since World War II.
We're not a big family.
It's maybe 130 of us
alive at any given time.
That's a quite bit.
And so my grandfather, he
was close with Allen Dulles.
He was on the Council of Foreign
Relations with Allen Dulles.
Allen Dulles was
in charge of hiring
all the SS and Nazi guys--
>>REGINA: Project Paperclip.
>>WARNER: --during the war and
saying he'd need to come work--
forget the rat line to
Argentina, come work for us
in America.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: So he was involved
with Project Paperclip.
He told me that, my grandfather.
And so as it turns
out, we got 5,000,
maybe some people say 10,000
former Nazi scientists,
and contractors,
and engineers that
went into all kinds
of fields of banking,
and engineering, and
aerospace, which is well known.
And so all these things
started to piece together
very uncomfortably for me.
It was very interesting
but it was also--
I knew a lot about the
Germans and the Nazis.
I know more of today.
I can actually claim
being a decent historian.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: Because you have
to have the imagination
to view the whole
picture because history
is a pack of lies.
They tell us a lot about
wars throughout history.
That's the one constant.
Even skulduggery and the
monks in the Middle Ages
working for the
Vatican, they always
left all the wars
and conflicts we
know all about Alexander the
Great and the Punic Wars,
not the positive stuff but
a lot of the war stuff.
And so that's what
they don't skimp on.
They skimp on everything else.
The history is a Swiss cheese.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>WARNER: The Hittites
were here somewhere.
>>REGINA: Well, it's
just marked by war.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Our history
books are marked by war.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: Wait a minute,
what about Zep Tepi in Egypt?
>>REGINA: Yep, no.
>>WARNER: Oh, that's
not important.
>>REGINA: No.
>>WARNER: It's the
dynastic Egyptians
you've got to focus on.
I'm like, wait a minute.
And Graham Hancock, and Robert
Schoch, and Robert Bauval.
It all pieces together,
the history of it.
>>REGINA: So you were you
were ensconced in this.
You had personal contact
with family members
who were in the know
on these projects.
So this brings us
to who you are,
how you started out in this.
Your mother, you told
me that your mother gave
you "Chariots of the Gods?"--
>>WARNER: Yeah, when I was 10.
>>REGINA: When you were 10.
Your mom--
>>WARNER: There's a
picture on my website,
I'm 10 years old with
long hair at camp.
>>REGINA: I love it.
>>WARNER: And I've got it hidden
in a towel because my camp
counselor--
this is 1972, so
before you were born.
>>REGINA: Oh, yes.
Of course.
>>WARNER: He was a
very religious man.
I knew him well, my counselor.
I knew him later on in life.
But he ripped this kid's
version in his hand and says,
this is against God.
And threw it in the trash bin.
So I ripped the cover off mine.
I hid it.
And I would go up behind
in the woods and read it.
>>REGINA: But the point is
you're ensconced in this,
and you're ensconced
in military history.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
I'm a "Star Trek" fan.
>>REGINA: Yes.
All of it.
So now that brings us up to
today and some pretty weird
stuff going on.
I mean here, the people
that care about such things
and have been interested
in following it.
We're waiting for
this big disclosure
by the Pentagon which was a
non-disclosure event, right?
>>WARNER: You're
going to keep waiting.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
It's not going to happen, and
it's a nondisclosure event.
And it's interesting
because I was
on a disclosure panel with some
other men a few months ago.
And I remember Danny
Sheehan at the time saying
they're not going
to announce anything
or it's not going to happen.
You can wait all you want.
And you're now saying you
can wait all you want.
Well, they didn't.
The only interesting
thing in that whole report
was that they said there
are 144 cases they looked at
and they couldn't explain 143.
Well, that's actually
big in itself.
Forget it, just
leave it at that.
Well, it could be
weather balloons,
could be optical illusions.
>>WARNER: I can't believe that.
>>REGINA: Went all
the way through down
to the same old stupid
stories to swamp gas.
>>WARNER: Swamp gas.
>>REGINA: Or, yeah,
it could be a UFO.
It could be something like that.
But the point is I only
looked at that one part.
They couldn't explain
143 out of 144.
So the characters
behind it are what's
really kind of interesting right
now because the UFO community,
the disclosure
community are basically
cannibalizing themselves.
>>WARNER: I agree.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: This has been
going on for a while.
So Steven Greer, and
you take it from here,
you were in the film.
Steven Greer knew they weren't
going to release anything.
And Steven Greer, who our
audience is well familiar
with, he's done work
here on Gaia as well,
did his own answer to the
Pentagon non-disclosure
in a documentary called
"The Cosmic Hoax," right?
You were in it, Danny
Sheehan, others were in it,
and then all hell broke loose.
So set it up for where
we are right now.
>>WARNER: Well, I mean
I was somewhat hopeful
when Chris Mellon and
everybody was came out in 2017.
I thought this is interesting.
>>REGINA: They are
the New York Times.
>>WARNER: Yup.
>>REGINA: They're the
conduit for this information.
>>WARNER: And through Greer--
I actually I hadn't seen
Chris in a long time.
I knew his--
>>REGINA: Chris
Mellon, your cousin.
>>WARNER: And I said, hey, man.
How can I help?
And so we've had several
meetings together
in my farm and elsewhere.
The family reunion
and other things.
And I was like let me
help you because I've
had this crazy life with dad.
And he knew my dad well because
he was part of that liaison.
>>REGINA: Military intelligence.
>>WARNER: A group of people.
The military intelligence
in the Senate.
He was in that mix somewhere.
But no, he wouldn't
go off script.
He said, no, this is a mystery.
I don't believe
in the wild stuff.
And I said, even if 10%
of the wild stuff as you
call it is true, it's
astounding and horrifying.
And he said-- we had a
private conversation, which
will remain private, but he
did say people can't handle it.
The fear factor is a problem.
And I said, well,
I agree with you.
There will be panic
and other things
if things are released too
fast because it's overwhelming.
But we didn't agree on
what's the best way to do it.
>>REGINA: How they will
handle it publicly.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: And so I've
been waiting for years.
And my wife and I have
closely monitored everything.
And I knew it was going to
be a nothing burger when
they came out with it and it
was almost less than nothing.
>>REGINA: Less than nothing.
>>WARNER: But I will give
Chris and Elizondo credit.
They brought a dead
topic alive in 2017.
>>REGINA: They did.
Now, this is important.
This is important.
So it appears that
what's happened
is Lue Elizondo, who was
also in intelligence,
your cousin Chris Mellon,
military intelligence
force the issue with
those three little videos
that most everybody who's
watching this have seen.
Those little videos.
Now mind you, there
are thousands of them
in archives of militaries
and private hands
around the world to say
nothing more than that.
>>WARNER: They're
more than that.
>>REGINA: To say nothing of
even Jaime Maussan's collection
alone which is fascinating.
And so that they exist.
So the public was drip
fed three little pieces,
which couldn't--
these kinds of speeds,
in this maneuvering couldn't be
explained technically speaking.
And the people that
pushed that were,
that pushed for it, this
release from the Pentagon,
Danny Sheehan as their attorney,
is Lue Elizondo and your cousin
Chris Mellon.
The problem seems
to have come when
they had-- there was some
indication, particularly
from Lue, that we have to get
to the bottom of this phenomena.
Look at what these
things can do.
They could be a threat.
Now, this gets back to Wernher
von Braun and the Big Warning.
You take it away from there
because nothing indicates that.
>>WARNER: No.
The things they talk about
have plausible deniability
attached to it.
The Tic Tac is obviously the
successor to the TR-3B or G,
you know, Black Triangle
from Lockheed Martin.
They'll fall back on
that when it's released,
if it's released in the Space
Force in the coming years.
But this threat narrative
that goes back to Wernher von
Braun in the '60s.
He had told Steven Greer's
friend all about it.
America-- I've grown up in
the middle of the Military
Industrial Complex in
Washington DC and in the Senate.
I mean everything is--
the Navy and Marines,
I grew up with them.
I really respect them.
They're beholden to
the Constitution.
They're the two branches
of the military that
are holding the Constitution.
>>REGINA: Because
I noticed earlier
you said that the Air
Force is connected
with MJ-12, for example.
Would you please--
>>WARNER: I didn't say that,
but others have said that.
>>REGINA: Others have said that.
>>WARNER: Yeah, because the US
Army Air Corps was in charge.
>>REGINA: So they're not
beholden to the Constitution.
The Air Force is
in the Army or--
>>WARNER: Not that I know of.
>>REGINA: So they
can become involved
in kind of shadow operations
with impunity more or less
if they needed to or wanted to.
>>WARNER: Not that
the Navy and Marines
don't have their own private
black sections of covert stuff
that goes on.
And the admirals
aren't privy to it--
>>REGINA: Sure.
>>WARNER: --or the
Joint Chiefs of Staff.
That happens.
Unacknowledged special
access projects,
you do not have access.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: Or if
you're president.
>>REGINA: But they're not
beholden to the Constitution
that you know of in the
same way that the Navy is.
>>WARNER: That's what
I've-- my father is--
>>REGINA: And this is
really what your dad--
>>WARNER: It differs.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: He always had the
Navy and Marines behind him.
He told me all senators and
congressmen are bought and paid
for by special
interests, but he always
had that solid
footing with them.
And that's why a lot of
admirals and military people
respect my father because
he was a stand up guy
and he always fought for--
Virginia is a Navy,
Marine Corps state.
His name is on one of the school
buildings in the Marine Corps
University which he got done.
I was very proud of him.
And so when people get up
like Chris and Lue Elizondo
and then they say,
well, it's a mystery.
That's lying by omission.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: And then they say,
well, we don't know what it is.
That's a lie.
>>REGINA: Well, they
do know what it is.
They've had a chance to
study this for 70 years.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
My ONI-- my best friend
is a retired ONI officer--
US Navy Officer.
And he said, oh, no.
The Navy has lists of thousands
of craft, tens of thousands.
Every shape and size
you can imagine.
A lot of the times they
know who's driving it,
where they're from.
Not really sure
what their missions
are, but maybe sometimes
their privy of that too.
But they've got
charts of this stuff.
So for Chris and Lue to get up
there on national television,
they've got CNN, and
the Washington Post,
and the New York Times
in their pockets--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: They've
got the full weight
of the Met, the mainstream
media behind them.
>>REGINA: Which is modulated
by the intelligence community.
>>WARNER: Absolutely.
And they're not shy
to tell you that.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And they're only going to
allow that much to come out.
What do you think they were--
what do you think,
I mean, yes, it's
great that it shook
the tree and it got
people thinking about it even.
But what were they trying to do?
>>WARNER: You know I had a
conversation with a friend
last night and everything
that I've learned in my life
and seen and things
that have been
done since Vietnam forward,
because I know my Vietnam
history as well.
The MJ-12 or the
equivalent, they've
been kicking disclosure
can down the road.
Every 10 years they
debate it and say, nah,
I want to retire
into the sunset.
The admirals and generals around
the table were like, yeah,
we want to retire in the sunset
with our corporate investments
intact and everything.
Everyone wants to
shove it down the line.
And my dad agreed with it.
>>REGINA: No one wants
to have their name on it.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
And my dad was like, oh, yeah,
they'll do that every time.
They don't want culpability.
What I think personally,
what they're doing,
Chris and Lue in this, and I
still think they're connected.
I'm not on board with
the Danny Sheehan.
I understand reaching across
the aisle and for cooperation,
but I'll go back to
Winston Churchill.
You cannot negotiate with a
tiger with your head in its
mouth.
These people represent
proto fascism.
It's not they're creating
a new space of disclosure.
That's kind of the
same old thing they've
been doing for 70 years.
Project Blue Book.
I don't know.
What is Marco Rubio talking
about a UAP task force?
>>REGINA: Right, right, right.
>>WARNER: They always
come up with a task force
in the Senate or the Congress.
>>REGINA: "Unidentified
aerial phenomena."
UAP.
>>WARNER: Right.
And then it just goes sideways.
The conversation goes
sideways, not forward.
>>REGINA: But do you think
that there is still the notion
that they're trying to
stir up enough concern
and fear as to pump up certain
budgets in the-- when you're
talking about fascism, in the
military industrial complex
like Eisenhower warned of,
Wernher von Braun warned
of this time?
They were going to keep
shaking that tree to get money
for their buddies or
what's this about?
>>WARNER: It's not about money.
>>REGINA: Why would they
still be perpetuating?
>>WARNER: It's not about money.
>>REGINA: What's it about?
>>WARNER: They've got
all the money they want.
>>REGINA: Then why?
>>WARNER: They've access to
funding streams from big banks.
>>REGINA: Then what's it about?
>>WARNER: People like my family.
I mean--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
What's about?
>>WARNER: There's never been
a money problem for black
projects--
>>REGINA: --those
kinds of projects.
Yeah.
>>WARNER: --extra
constitutional programs
that people don't
have access to.
>>REGINA: Well, I
mean, I'm naive here.
What are they trying to do?
>>WARNER: Within those programs?
>>REGINA: No, with
this narrative.
>>WARNER: Oh, with
I think they're--
>>REGINA: That the aliens
might be our enemy.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
What I think is going
on, and I talked
to about this last night,
is they're getting pressure
from somewhere.
And one pressure is there
is a Great Awakening.
In the last 25 years since the
internet, I've seen a huge--
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>WARNER: --amount of people, my
friends, high school kids come
up to me and say, hey, man.
Do we have a moon base?
I'm like, well, I
think maybe we do.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: There's that.
They know people are waking up.
They can't do
anything about that
so they can only muddy the
waters with disinformation,
counterintelligence.
>>REGINA: And fear.
>>WARNER: Right.
And fear.
And the military does
exist to do one thing.
And that is to fight wars.
And you know--
>>REGINA: So they're
trying to now
justify themselves long-term.
>>WARNER: I think they're
trying to justify those black
programs--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: --and things.
Yes, absolutely.
They're creating a new
space for disclosure, which
I think personally
is they're trying
to normalize certain topics.
And then they'll move
five years down the line,
they'll say, oh, yeah,
illegal funding streams,
we had to do that
national security--
>>REGINA: Over to--
>>WARNER: National security.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: Sorry.
Have a nice day.
Go back to school.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
World Cups on TV.
And then another five years
they move it down the line,
they're like, well,
OK, so we did this,
and we've got a moon
base, and we're on Mars,
and we're mining asteroids, and
we're fighting some bad people
out there and everything.
Sorry.
Couldn't tell you.
Back to school.
The NFL's on.
And who are your draft picks?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: And it's like
everyone's going to be,
you know, there might be some
protests and people pissed off
and then it kind of dies down.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: It's like 9/11.
Everyone was really
pissed off about it.
And then you ask a
20-year-old kid today
and he's like, yeah, I
think I know something.
I've heard something about that.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: You ask a 20-year-old
kid what's Pearl Harbor
and they're like, well,
I think they taught
us that in the eighth grade.
Something about the Japanese--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: And they
just don't remember.
And so the short-term memory
of the American people, they'll
keep doing this new disclosure
which isn't new at all.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: But they'll
let out a few things
because it's like
a pressure release
valve on a high pressure tank
that's becoming overfilled.
And so they will--
I think they're creating
this new space of disclosure
with tidbits and lukewarm
intel and things like.
Gingersnap And lemonade stuff.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: And they will like,
see, we're into disclosure.
And then five years
goes down the line,
sure we have a moon base.
So what?
What are you going
to do about it?
>>REGINA: So you think
it is an attempt to--
>>WARNER: National security.
>>REGINA: --keep consciousness
into a fearful independent
state and mass.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
To mitigate the pressure.
>>REGINA: OK.
And so now Hollywood of course
has their own top down control
to a large extent from the
intelligence communities.
And certainly over the last
decade or two, most of what's
come out, it's not "Close
Encounters of the Third Kind"
or "ET" anymore.
>>WARNER: No.
>>REGINA: And now it is
to scare the bejesus out
of you with these massive
kind of android Nazi insectoid
attacking Earth and us.
So that's not by accident,
that's by design?
>>WARNER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so
everything about it
has been feeding us and children
to be afraid of other, wherever
other may come from.
>>WARNER: Oh, it's been
going on since the '50s.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
But there was that moment with
"ET" and "Close Encounters"
based on apparently
Project Serpo.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: That was
a little different.
>>WARNER: But "Star
Wars" was pretty violent
and it came out in the '70s.
>>REGINA: Well, that is--
>>WARNER: "Star Trek" was fire
phasers first and oh, gosh.
Sorry.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: They sort of--
>>REGINA: There was a
little blip in there.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
The violence aspect of it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And so obviously, that's
part of the same machine
that New York Times and CNN and
MSNBC is beholden to as well.
The Hollywood is
beholden to the same.
So this narrative that these
are potentially unfriendly-- you
know everyone, even kids,
I talked to kids about this
sometimes.
Well, how come they haven't
already killed us, right?
This is always the story.
>>WARNER: Well--
>>REGINA: If they're so
advanced and their enemies,
why haven't they already done
something terrible to us?
And then you look
even historically,
I'm going to be
interviewing Freddy
Silva in a couple of days
again, and Freddy talks
about the presence of the ones
known in Indigenous tribes
and around the planet have
names for these beings that
came and helped them
after cataclysm.
>>WARNER: Of course,
like the Dogon tribe.
>>REGINA: The Dogon tribe.
Exactly.
And same in New Zealand and
elsewhere, in Central and South
America that have
these creatures,
these beings that
came and helped
them re-establish themselves
after natural cataclysms,
for example.
Historically,
they've always been
written into the script
certainly indigenously
as those who came to
help in times of need.
There's nothing to indicate
this horrible scenario
that Hollywood and now
even Congress might be
trying to force foist upon us.
When is this insanity stopped?
>>WARNER: Yeah.
I mean, I write about
this in my books.
>>REGINA: Talk about
your books a little bit
because we're going to get to
that might as well do it now.
>>WARNER: They're satires
but they're dark satires.
It's about World War II and
a young British woman who
was a pretty much a muck up
and screws everything up,
but she's just a
humble-bumble, light warrior
stumbling through
metaphysics and philosophy
and fighting the Germans
at the same time.
>>REGINA: A little bit
of your mother in there?
>>WARNER: Oh, it's a little
bit of Liz Taylor, my mother
and everyone I know.
>>REGINA: I want to
talk about Liz Taylor
before we go
because this is fun.
>>WARNER: All that in it.
But when I started
writing my books,
it was originally about
the German racing programs
in "Little Anton."
But this new book I just
finished three days ago--
>>REGINA: What's the name of it?
>>WARNER: "Lion.
Tiger.
Bear."
>>REGINA: OK.
>>WARNER: It is about--
it is much shorter, it's much
faster paced, more intense.
But I don't-- unlike
other authors,
I'm not going to name names
who kind of wink and nod
at the truth of our place in
the universe and ET visitation.
No.
I hit the nail on the head.
I'll probably lose
a lot of readers.
I don't care.
It's really only disclosure
folks who will really
appreciate my books.
Other people are like,
I just don't understand.
But I don't-- yeah, I
white wash, no fences.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
That's why I wanted
to tap you on.
>>WARNER: I talk about human
trafficking and it's like I was
telling--
the reality we're
living in now is
no different from
1,000 years ago
if you go to a
Middle East bazaar.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: What can you buy?
>>WARNER: And the answer is
anything you damn well want.
>>REGINA: Everything.
Yeah.
>>WARNER: What has changed?
Nothing.
>>REGINA: So that's
the back story.
That's what's going on.
>>WARNER: And that's
what my book is about.
>>REGINA: OK.
And that, Amazon?
Normal places?
Book sellers?
>>WARNER: Yup.
It will be on Amazon.
I have a website.
Little Anton.
>>REGINA: littleanton.com
>>WARNER: Dot com.
>>REGINA: OK.
littleanton.com OK.
Now, we've got a
few minutes left.
Let's go to some
of the fun stuff
because this feeds
right back into it.
So your dad's with
your mom, hippie.
And so they're going at
each other because they
philosophically
not in alignment.
So then he marries
Elizabeth Taylor.
And it turns out, they're
not necessarily in alignment
either.
But let's talk about
that for a moment.
What she was like, because
you actually knew her.
And then also the little story
about her own exposure to UFOs.
I love that.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
I mean, she was
very down to Earth.
She was a great--
she was really funny.
And they had that sense of
humor, and they love people.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: And they had a
lot of things in common.
She really was
this great person.
Prima Donna, the
diva, absolutely.
But a lot of fun.
And when I was a
teenager, one night,
I was with my best
friend, and she came--
she and dad had an argument,
and she came home early,
and we were having some beers
and maybe smoking a joint.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: And we
were talking about,
I don't know, "Star
Trek" or something.
And she's like, oh, I love that.
And I saw a UFO when
I was married with,
I think it was Eddie Fisher.
>>REGINA: Eddie Fisher.
Yeah.
>>WARNER: Off the
coast of California.
And we were in a
convertible when this thing
went zigzagging up and boom
out there as fast as the USS
Enterprise.
And I was like, all right.
And I remember my dad
came home and he's
like, what's going on here.
He thought the pot was the
worst thing in human history.
But it's not.
And she said, oh, don't
be such a stuffy old goat.
Sit down and we're
talking about UFOs.
And he's like, oh, God.
Not that again.
He just really was
uncomfortable talking about it.
But she really, she
would dig into him.
You're being too stuffy and
conservative and all that.
And so that was
very interesting.
And she and my mother
were good friends
and they had that
metaphysical side to them.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: A lot of
people don't really
realize that about Liz Taylor.
She was very open minded.
>>REGINA: No.
We just don't hear about it.
We're not privy to that
side of information.
>>WARNER: No.
They always talk about her thing
with AIDS and stuff later on.
And they always say, oh,
she's a diva and the perfume.
I don't know.
She had this side to her.
She was very intelligent.
And her memory was
sharp as a tack.
And when she sobered
up and cleaned up,
I remember visiting her in LA,
and she remembered everything.
All the crazy stories,
being arrested.
I was arrested with her
in the Paris airport.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: That's for
another show, OK?
>>WARNER: That was
for another show.
But she had that side to her
that was very open-minded.
She was very sharp.
She and I did not care
for the Queen of England.
I don't--
>>REGINA: Well, there
is a photo where the--
Yeah.
>>WARNER: The Mellons and the
Royal Family are very tight.
And going back to my great
grandfather, Andrew Mellon,
my grandfather was best
friends with Queen Elizabeth.
They were horse racing pals.
And she would come stay with
him at his farm in Virginia.
Yeah.
So would CIA directors
and presidents.
They would meet out at
my grandfather's farm.
And it's like this is
a really busy place.
And he had tons of
security, ex-FBI men
with machine guns and suitcases.
I used to-- they used
to let me fire them.
>>REGINA: Oh, goodness.
>>WARNER: When I was a teenager.
>>REGINA: But I bet they
served the best tea.
>>WARNER: Yeah.
But it was interesting.
My grandfather, he was very
cautious about his quiet image.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: And this does
relate to Liz Taylor
because my father was
very disappointed.
When he married
Elizabeth Taylor,
my grandfather came up to him
and said, we're best friends,
but I'm sorry I cannot have
anything more to do with you.
This will bring too
much light onto me.
I'm a very private person.
You know that I'm still
working with the government
in my own little
ways or whatever.
My dad said, I understand.
It's very disappointing,
but I understand.
And I remember him telling me
that with a tear in his eye.
I mean, he was very
sad about that.
My grandfather, Paul Mellon
and he were very close.
Obviously, they had a
lot of things in common
with national security issues.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: But he understood.
Liz Taylor, at the time
she, was the biggest star
in the world, arguably 1976.
>>REGINA: Certainly.
>>WARNER: And my grandfather
was just like stay away from me.
I don't want to be--
and of course, the press
would write about dad
with the Mellons in it.
It must have driven
my grandfather crazy
because of the Mellons
are very private people.
And this gives back
to Chris Mellon.
It's like I'm--
>>REGINA: He seems
like a kind of a shy--
>>WARNER: He's very--
>>REGINA: Sweet character.
>>WARNER: Very conservative,
very shy, wonderful family.
They're really nice people.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: And for him to get
at 64, or 65, or whatever.
To do this, he must feel
very strongly to do it.
And I wanted to help him.
I don't want to come out--
I like him.
I mean, we were friends.
I don't know.
We don't email
each other anymore.
That's done.
But I take the total opposite
side that he's taking on this.
I mean, it's just business.
>>REGINA: And who knows
what he's actually
thinking inside versus
what he feels must be said.
I guess we're not going
to know right away.
>>WARNER: I think
he truly believes
the thin report they gave him.
I think he knows a lot
more than he lets on but--
and he feels
strongly that that's
the best for the country.
I don't.
I think supreme
secrecy and all of this
is a death knell for America.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WARNER: It may take 30, 40
years but it will be our ruin.
If we don't start getting
some real disclosure--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: --some real
cooperation, and stop
doing these dog
and pony shows that
don't reveal hardly anything.
>>REGINA: But that means those
people, those shadowy people,
the puppeteers so to speak,
really the agendas have
to-- that can only happen if the
agenda stops and you let people
advance as a civilization.
You allow their light
and their brilliance
to start showing
itself and honoring it
and quit suppressing it.
That means much
larger forces have
to let go of the largest agenda.
Stopping the growth of
human consciousness.
>>WARNER: Absolutely.
And the other problem
is a very asleep public.
I mean--
>>REGINA: Yes, indeed.
It distracted--
>>WARNER: My wife and I
have no family or friends
that are on board with
what we're talking about.
They don't understand.
They don't care.
I had a friend who told me
that ignorance is bliss.
I said, well, bliss
is only temporary.
So what good is your ignorance?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: It's the
kind of thing where
we have the perfect storm.
We have the mainstream media
behind the Military Industrial
Complex and the
Black World, and we
have a largely asleep public.
People say kids are woke.
Young people are woke.
Woke to what?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WARNER: And people fomenting
racism, and inequality,
and poverty, and
a poor environment
that we could fix literally
overnight with technology.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>WARNER: Because all those
things are artificially
stimulated and perpetuated.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: I'm
always working with
my African-American friends.
How do we solve these problems?
And they're like,
well, I don't know.
And it's like, well, they don't
understand that these things
are promulgated.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WARNER: And if, oh,
California is waking up.
Let's-- some race riots
and/or a war or some--
>>REGINA: That's
where it has to stop.
>>WARNER: Forest fires.
>>REGINA: Do you see that?
Now, we're not talking
about those other forces.
We really didn't spend
any time on that.
We will at another time.
Can you see a time where
they finally realize, hey,
we've done all we can.
We have ours.
Go into hiding for
another 1,000 years
or whatever they have to do.
And just let people
continue on our journey
to expand our consciousness.
Do you see them at a point
where they just give up?
Let us go.
>>WARNER: You mean as far
as the deep state and--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
The writ--
>>WARNER: --the negative agenda.
>>REGINA: Not the
deep state as it's
been characterized recently.
The actual if you want
to call it deep state.
Whatever the shadowy forces
are that have enough power
to run industry and run
a truly fascist agenda
throughout the world--
>>WARNER: With unlimited funds.
>>REGINA: --with unlimited
funds, perpetuate wars,
stimulate riots, anything they
need to do to keep us in fear
and divided.
Do you see them
stopping at any point?
>>WARNER: I'm sure they
have their defectors.
But the hard core of them,
it's like you go back
to World War II, the Nazis.
No Nazi ever surrendered
from World War II.
They never signed a document.
They all went to Argentina, or
America, or Russia, or a few
in Britain.
They're not going to
change their ways.
A psychopath or
sociopath-psychopath,
they're never going to change.
They can't.
They don't-- they're
physically unable to.
The people in the
gray areas, sure.
You're going to get defectors.
But the people who are really--
why do the Royal
Families of the world
never run out of money or
influence or power ever.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
That's true.
And one thing, this
is esoteric, but it
is something that has been
occurring to me watching what's
happening in Germany as well,
which they thought would never
happen again.
The whole story of
Franco X and all that.
And I started thinking about,
and I thought, wait a minute.
If you want to look
at it through the lens
of reincarnation, as we
just mentioned briefly,
it's about time for
those guys to be back,
and not necessarily in your
DNA, but literally souls
that live from that
era are reincarnating--
>>WARNER: True.
>>REGINA: --sometimes with
the exact same psychopathy
and beliefs and so
forth and now starting
to express itself like it
looked pre World War II.
We're out of time.
I'm just tossing it out.
I think you're right.
But it's a matter
of how do you--
no one can topple these guys.
You don't even
know who they are.
They don't have faces and they
have unlimited everything.
>>WARNER: I don't think
there's a way to do that.
>>REGINA: No.
>>WARNER: Earth is
a learning school--
>>REGINA: But we can wake up.
>>WARNER: Right.
>>REGINA: The whole point
is it takes sleeping masses
to agree to this.
>>WARNER: If you
wake up enough people
with a positive sense
of consciousness,
the darkness will
go by the wayside.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>WARNER: But that's never--
and people are trying to go up
and trying to--
>>REGINA: Not going to work.
>>WARNER: We're supposed to
learn from duality in the light
and dark.
That's the only way to
learn hard lessons in life.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WARNER: So we need,
you need the darkness
like the yin and yang symbol.
You need the darkness.
There can't-- the
light cannot exist.
It's where I break
off from Steven Greer.
I believe there's-- the minority
of the universe is regressive
and negative.
5%, let's just say.
>>REGINA: Because you
need the contrast.
Everything needs the
contrast for growth.
>>WARNER: You need that.
>>REGINA: I agree with you.
>>WARNER: I need growth.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Well, meanwhile,
you said, your book
just finished up so it's
going to be out there shortly.
So people can go to
littleanton.com, right?
And pick up a copy, right?
>>WARNER: Yep.
>>REGINA: OK.
Very good.
It's a pleasure
talking with you.
I would like to get together
with you again and have
another conversation.
>>WARNER: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Thank
you so much, John.
>>WARNER: Thanks.
>>REGINA: Well, to enlighten
and entertain yourself
with John's books,
he's already told you,
this one is a bit
of a tough read.
You can find them
at littleanton.com
and at major booksellers.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.